1. Provide a high-level description (ie, using minimal amount of technical jargon) of each problem
in no more than 100 words.

Problem 1 (Name and Age): ... Write a python script that accepts a name and age, then prints a sentence concatinating the two

Problem 2 (Greet Three): ... Write a python script that accepts three names and prints a greeting message concating all three in reverse

Problem 3 (Day of the Week): ... Write a python script that calculates the day of the week for a given date accepting year month and day using a given formula

Problem 4 (Three Sort): ... Write a python script that accepts three mumbers and prints them in ascending order using basic math

Problem 5 (Body Mass Index): ... Write a python script that computes a person's BMI based on accepted weight and height and output result

Problem 6 (Wind Chill): ... Write a python script that calculates the wind chill based on temperature amd wind speed using a given formula

Problem 7 (Gravitational Force): ... Write a python script that computes the gravitational force between two objects given their masses and the distance between

Problem 8 (Gambler's Ruin): ... Write a python script that simulates a coin flip game and calculates the probabilities of two players ending penniless

Problem 9 (Waiting Time): ... Write a python script that calculates the probability of waiting longer than a given time for an event to occur using exponential distribution formula

Problem 10 (Cartesian Coordinates): ... Write a python script that converts polar coordinates to cartesian coordinates

Problem 11 (Great Circle Distance): ... Write a python script tthat computes the shortest distance between two points on earth using long and lat

Problem 12 (Snell's Law): ... Write a python script that calculates the angle of refraction when light passes from one medium to another

Problem 13 (Uniform Random Numbers): ... Write a python script that generates three random numbers in a specified range and calculates their mean, variance, and standard deviation

Problem 14 (Die Roll): ... Write a python script that simulates rolling a die twice and prints the sum of the numbers rolled

Problem 15 (Triangle Inequality): ... Write a python script that determines whether three side lengths can form a triangle by checking the inequality theorem

2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, course staff, other), and
the nature of help received. No, I did not.

Name                   Status           Help Received
----                   ------           -------------

...                    ...              ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

If you are reading this, add me on github and linkedin.
Go Dawgs!

...
