Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup, They slither while they pass, they slip
away across the universe. Pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting through my opened mind,
Possessing and caressing me. Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's
gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world.
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes, They call me on and on across
the universe, Thoughts meander like a restless wind Inside a letter box they Stumble blindly as
they make their way Across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world
Nothing's gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change
my world. Sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing Through my open mind inciting and
inviting me. Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns, And calls me on
and on across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna
change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world. Jai
guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva They're gonna put me in the movies They're
gonna make a big star out of me We'll make a film about a man that's sad and lonely And all I
gotta say is act naturally Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can
never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well Well I hope
you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that
ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally We'll make the scene about a man that's
sad and lonely And beggin down upon his bended knee I'll play the part but I won't need
rehearsal All I gotta do is act naturally Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an
Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well
Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The
biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she
nice, Well look her over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice? Just
cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think
that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't
that nice, Well look it over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice? Just
cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think
that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Well I ask
you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Whenever I want you around, yeh, All I gotta do Is
call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's all I gotta do. And when I
wanna kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is whisper in your ear the words you want to hear, And I'll be
kissing you. And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will,
whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me. And when I wanna
kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's
all I gotta do. And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will,
whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me. Close your eyes and
I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll
write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to you. I'll pretend I am kissing, The lips I am
missing, And hope that my dreams will come true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home
every day, And I'll send all my loving to you. All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving,
darling, I'll be true. Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll
always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to
you. All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving, darling, I'll be true, All my loving, I will
send to you. Sunrise doesn't last all morning, a cloudburst doesn't last all day. Seems my love is
up and has left you with no warning. But it's not always going to be this grey. All things must
pass, all things must pass away. Sunset doesn't last all evening, a mind can blow those clouds
away. after all this my love is up and must be leaving. It has not always been this grey. All
things must pass, all things must pass away. All things must pass none of life's strings can last.
So I must be on my way and face another day. Now the darkness only stays at nighttime, in the
morning it will fade away. Daylight is good at arriving at the right time. It's not always going to
be this grey. All things must pass, all things must pass away. All things must pass, all things
must pass away. One, two, three, four, Can I have a little more, Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten,
I love you. A, B, C, D, Can I bring my friend to tea, E, F, G, H, I, J, I love you. Bom bom bom
bom-pa bom Sail the ship bom-pa bom Chop the tree bom-pa bom Skip the rope bom-pa bom
Look at me. All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now, Black,
white, green, red, Can I take my friend to bed, Pink, brown, yellow, orange, and blue, I love you.
All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now, Bom bom bom bom
bom-pa bom Sail the ship bom-pa bom Chop the tree bom-pa bom Skip the rope bom-pa bom
Look at me. All together now, All together now, All together now, All together now, All together
now! Love, love, love. Love, love, love, love, love, love. Love, love, love. Love, love, love,
love, love, love. Love, love, love: It's easy! Ooh! There's nothing you can do that can't be done.
Nothing you can sing that can't be sung. Nothing you can say but you can learn how to play the
game It's easy. There's nothing you can make that can't be made. No one you can save that can't
be saved. Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time It's easy. All you need is
love All you need is love, All you need is love. Love is all you need. All you need is love All
you need is love, All you need is love. Love is all you need. There's nothing you can know that
isn't known. Nothing you can see that isn't shown. Nowhere you can be that isn't where you're
meant to be. It's easy. All you need is love All you need is love, All you need is love, love Love
is all you need. All you need is love All together now! All you need is love Everybody! All you
need is love, love Love is all you need. I give her all my love, That's all I do, And if you saw my
love, You'd love her too. I love her. She gives me ev'rything, And tenderly, The kiss my lover
brings, She brings to me, And I love her. A love like ours, Could never die, As long as I, Have
you near me. Bright are the stars that shine, Dark is the sky, I know this love of mine, Will never
die, And I love her. Bright are the stars that shine, Dark is the sky, I know this love of mine, Will
never die, And I love her. You tell that you've got ev'rything you want, And your bird can sing,
But you don't get me, You don't get me. You say you've seen seven wonders, And your bird is
green, But you can't see me, You can't see me. When your prized possessions start to weigh you
down, Look in my direction I'll be round, I'll be round. When your bird is broken Will it bring
you down? You may be awoken I'll be round, I'll be round. You tell me that you've heard ev'ry
sound there is, And your bird can swing, But you can't hear me, You can't hear me. Anna, You
come and ask me, girl, To set you free, girl, You say he loves you more than me, So I will set you
free, Go with him. Go with him. Anna, Girl, before you go now, I want you to know, now, That I
still love you so, But if he loves you mo', Go with him. All of my life, I've been searchin' for a
girl To love me like I love you. Oh, now But every girl I've ever had, Breaks my heart and
leaves my sad. What am I, what am I supposed to do. Anna, Just one more thing, girl. You give
back your ring to me, and I will set you free, Go with him For I have got another girl, another
girl, You're making me say that I've got nobbody but you, But as from today I've got somebody
that's new, I ain't no fool and I don't take what I don't want, For I have got another girl, another
girl. She's sweeter than all the girls and I've met quite a few, Nobody in the world can do what
she can do, And so I'm telling you this time you'd better stop, For I have got another girl.
Another girl, who will love me till the end, Through thick and thin she will always be my friend.
I don't wanna say that I've been unhappy with you, But as from today well I've seen sonebody
that's new, I ain't no fool and I don't take, what I don't want, For I have got another girl. Another
girl, who will love me till the end, Through thick and thin she will always be my friend. I don't
wanna say that I've been unhappy with you, But as from today well I've seen sonebody that's
new, I ain't no fool and I don't take, what I don't want, For I have got another girl. Anytime at
all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there. If you need
somebody to love, Just look into my eyes, I'll be there to make you feel right, If you're feeling
sorry and sad, I'd really sympathize. Don't be sad, just call me tonight. Anytime at all, Anytime
at all, Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there. If the sun has faded away, I'll
try to make it shine. There is nothing I won't do, If you need a shoulder to cry on, I hope it will
be mine Call me tonight and I'll come to you. Anytime at all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All
you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there. Anytime at all, Anytime at all, Anytime at all, All
you've gotta do is call. And I'll be there. Anytime at all, All you've gotta do is call. And I'll be
there. I love you, 'Cause you tell me things I want to know, And it's true that it really only goes
to show That I know that I-I-I-I should never, never, never be blue. Now you're mine, My
happiness still makes me cry. And in time you'll understand the reasons why If I cry it's not
because I'm sad But you're the only love that I've ever had. I can't believe it's happened to me. I
can't conceive of any more misery. Ask me why I'll say I love you and I'm always thinking of
you. Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la la la la Sha la la la la It's not the
way you smile that touched my heart. (sha la la la la) It's not the way you kiss that tears me apart.
Uh, oh, many, many, many nights go by, I sit alone at home and I cry over you. What can I do.
Can't help myself, 'cause baby, it's you. Baby, it's you. You should hear what they say about you,
"cheat," "cheat." They say, they say you never never never ever heard of being true. (cheat cheat)
Uh oh, It doesn't matter what they say, I know I'm gonna love you any old way. What can I do,
and it's true. Don't want nobody, nobody, 'cause baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Baby, it's
you. (sha la la la la la la) Uh oh, It doesn't matter what they say, I know I'm gonna love you any
old way. What can I do, when it's true. Don't want nobody, nobody, 'cause baby, it's you. (sha la
la la la la la) Baby, it's you. (sha la la la la la la) Don't leave me all alone... How does it feel to be
one of the beautiful people Now that you know who you are What do you want ot be and have
you travelled very far Far as the eye can see. How does it feel to be one of the people How often
have you been there often enough to know What did you see when you were there nothing that
doesn't show Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too You
keep all your money in a big brown bag inside the zoo What a thing to do Baby you're a rich
man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too. How does it feel to be one of the
beautiful people Tuned to a natural E Happy to be that way now that you've found another key
What are you going to play Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich
man too You keep all your money in a big brown bag inside a zoo What a thing to do Baby
you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man Baby you're a rich man too... Oh dear, what can I do?
Baby's in black and I'm feeling blue, Tell me, oh what can I do? She thinks of him and so she
dresses in black, And though he'll never come bak, she's dressed in black. Oh dear, what can I
do? Baby's in black and I'm feeling blue, Tell me, oh what can I do? I think of her, but she only
thinks of him, And though it's only a whim, she thinks of him. Oh how long will it take, Till she
sees the mistake she has made? Dear what can I do? Baby's in black, and I'm feeling blue, Tell
me, oh what can I do? She thinks of him and she dresses in black, And though he'll never come
back, she's dressed in black. Oh dear, what can I do? Baby's in black and I'm feeling blue, Tell
me, oh what can I do? Flew in from Miami Beach BOAC. Didn't get to bed last night. On the
way the paper bag was on my knee. Man I had I dreadful flight. I'm back in the USSR. You don't
know how lucky you lucky you are boy Back in the USSR. Been away so long I hardly knew
the place. Gee it's good to be back home. Leave it till tomorrow to unpack my case. Honey
disconnect the phone. I'm back in the USSR. You don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the
US. Back in the US. Back in the USSR. Well the Ukraine girls really knock me out. They leave
the West behind. And Moscow girls make me sing and shout That Georgia's always on my mind.
I'm back in the USSR. You don't know how lucky you are boys Back in the USSR. Show me
round your snow peaked mountains way down south Take me to your daddy's farm Let me hear
your balalaikas ringing out Come and keep your comrade warm. I'm back in the USSR. You
don't know how lucky you are boy Back in the USSR. A bad little kid moved into my
neighborhood He won't do nothing right just sitting down and looks so good He don't want to go
to school and learn to read and write Just sits around the house and plays the rock and roll music
all night Well, he put some tacks on teachers chair Puts some gum in little girl's hair Hey, junior,
behave yourself Buys every rock and roll book on the magazine stand Every dime that he get is
lost to the jukebox man Well he worries his teacher till at night she's ready to poop From
rocking and a-rolling spinning in a hula hoop Well this rock and roll has got to stop Junior's head
is hard as rock Now, junior, behave yourself Going tell your mama you better do what she said
Get to the barber shop and get that hair cut off your head Threw the canary and you fed it to the
neighbors cat You gave the cocker spaniel a bath in mother's laundramat Well, mama's head has
got to stop Junior's head is hard as rock Now, junior, behave yourself Standing in the dock at
Southampton Trying to get to Holland or France. The man in the mac said you've got to go back,
You know they didn't even give us a chance. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard
it can be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Finally made the plane into
Paris, Honeymooning down by the Seine. Peter Brown called to say, You can make it OK, You
can get married in Gibraltar near Spain. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can
be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Drove from Paris to the Amsterdam
Hilton, Talking in our beds for a week. The newspapers said, say what're you doing in bed, I said
we're only trying to get us some peace. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can
be. The way things are going, They're going to crucify me. Saving up your money for a rainy
day, Giving all your clothes to charity. Last night the wife said, Oh boy, when you're dead you
don't take nothing with you but your soul  Think! Made a lightning trip to Vienna, Eating
choc'late cake in a bag. The newspapers said, She's gone to his head, They look just like two
Gurus in a drag. Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are
going, They're going to crucify me. Caught the early plane back to London, Fifty acorns tied in a
sack. The men from the press said we wish you success, It's good to have the both of you back.
Christ! You know it ain't easy, You know how hard it can be. The way things are going, They're
going to crucify me. Well Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe
Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's... My baby
doll, my baby doll, my baby doll. Well She's the one in the red blue jeans She's the queen of all
the team She's the woman walkin' that I know She's the woman that loves me so Be-bop-a-lula
she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't
mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll. Well She's the
woman who's got that beat She's the woman with the flying feet She's the woman walk around
the store She's the woman gives me more more more Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula
don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula
she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll. Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula
don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula she's my baby Be-bop-a-lula don't mean maybe Be-bop-a-lula
she's... My baby doll, my baby doll, my baby doll. Ah, because the world is round it turns me on
Because the world is round Ah, because the wind is high it blows my mind Because the wind is
high Ah, love is old, love is new Love is all, love is you Because the sky is blue it makes me
cry Because the sky is blue Ah, ah, ah, ah For the benefit of Mr. Kite there will be a show
tonight on trampoline The Hendersons will all be there late of Pablo Fanques'fair, what a scene
Over men and horses hoops and garters and lastly through a hogshead of real fire In this way Mr.
K will challenge the world The celebrated Mr. K performs his feats on Saturday at Bishopsgate
The Hendersons will dance and sing as Mr. Kite flies through the ring, don't be late Messers K.
and H. assure the public their production will be second to none And of course Henry the Horse
dances the waltz The band begins at ten to six when Mr. K performs his tricks without a sound
And Mr. H will demonstrate ten somersets he'll undertake on solid ground Having been some
days in preparation a splendid time is guaranteed for all And tonight Mr. Kite is topping the bill
Besame besame mucho, Each time I bring you a kiss I hear music divine. So besame besame
mucho, Yeh I love you for ever Say that you'll always be mine. Dearest one, if you should leave
me Then each little dream will take wings And my life would be through. Oh besame besame
mucho, Yeh I love you for ever, Make all my dreams come true. Oh this joy is something new,
My arms are holding you, I never knew this thrill before. Who ever thought I'd be Holding you
close to me Whispering it's you I adore. So dearest one, if you should leave me Then each little
dream will take wings And my life would be through. Oh besame besame mucho, Yeah I love
you for ever, Make all my dreams come true. Oh this joy is something new, My arms are holding
you, I never knew this thrill before. Who ever thought I'd be Holding you close to me
Whispering it's you I adore. So dearest one, if you should leave me, Each little dream will take
wings And my life would be through. Oh besame besame mucho, Yeh love me for ever, Make
all my dreams come true. Love me for ever, Make all my dreams come true. Love me for ever,
Make all my dreams come true. You say it's your birthday. It's my birthday too  yeah. They say
it's your birthday. We're gonna have a good time. Im glad it's your birthday Happy birthday to
you. Yes we're going to party party Yes we're going to party party Yes we're going to party
party. I would like you to dance  Birthday Take a cha-cha-cha-chance  Birthday I would like
you to dance  Birthday dance You say it's your birthday. It's my birthday too  yeah. You say
it's your birthday. We're gonna have a good time. I'm glad it's your birthday Happy birthday to
you. Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your
life You were only waiting for this moment to arise. Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take
these sunken eyes and learn to see. All your life You were only waiting for this moment to be
free. Blackbird fly, Blackbird fly Into the light of the dark black night. Blackbird fly, Blackbird
fly Into the light of the dark black night. Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these
broken wings and learn to fly. All your life You were only waiting for this moment to arise You
were only waiting for this moment to arise You were only waiting for this moment to arise
There's a fog upon L.A. And my friends have lost their way We'll be over soon they said Now
they've lost themselves instead. Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't
be long or I may be asleep Well it only goes to show And I told them where to go Ask a
policeman on the street There's so many there to meet Please don't be long please don't you be
very long Please don't be long or I may be asleep Now it's past my bed I know And I'd really
like to go Soon it will be the break of day Sitting here in Blue Jay Way Please don't be long
please don't you be very long Please don't be long or I may be asleep Please don't be long please
don't you be very long Please don't be long Please don't be long please don't you be very long
Please don't be long Please don't be long please don't you be very long Please don't be long
Don't be long - don't be long - don't be long Don't be long - don't be long - don't be long I been
told when a boy kiss a girl, Take a trip around the world, Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop
shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah, she say ya do. (Bop
shuop) My girl says when I kiss her lips, Gets a thrill through her fingertips, Hey, hey, (bop
shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah,
she say ya do. (Bop shuop) Well, I talk about boys, Don't ya know I mean boys, Well, I talk
about boys, now, Aaahhh, boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, What a bundle of joy! (Alright,
George!) My girl says when I kiss her lips, Gets a thrill through her fingertips, Hey, hey, (bop
shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop, m'bop bop shuop) Hey, hey, (bop shuop) yeah,
she say ya do. (Bop shuop) Well, I talk about boys, Don't ya know I mean boys, Well, I talk
about boys, now, Aaahhh, boys, Well, I talk about boys, now, What a bundle of joy! Can't buy
me love, love, Can't buy me love. I'll buy you a diamond ring my friend, If it makes you feel
alright, I'll get you anything my friend, If it makes you feel alright, 'Cause I don't care too much
for money, Money can't buy me love. I'll give you all I've got to give, If you say you love me
too, I may not have a lot to give, But what I've got I'll give to you, I don't care too much for
money. Money can't buy me love. Can't buy me love, ev'rybody tells me so, Can't buy me love,
no, no, no, no. Say you don't need no diamond rings, And I'll be satisfied, Tell me that you want
the kind of things, That money just can't buy, I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy
me love. Can't buy me love, ev'rybody tells me so, Can't buy me love, no, no, no, no. Say you
don't need no diamond rings, And I'll be satisfied, Tell me that you want the kind of things, That
money just can't buy, I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy me love. Can't buy me
love, love, Can't buy me love. Oh Carol, don't let him Steal your heart away. Well I've got to
learn to dance If it takes me all night and day. Well come into my machine So we can move on
out. I know a jumping little joint Where we can jump and shout. It's not too far back on the
highway Not too long a ride. You take your car along And you park it outside. A little cutie
takes your hat And you can thank her, ma'am, 'Cos every time you're gonna drive, You find the
joint is jammed. Oh Carol, don't let him Steal your heart away. Well I've got to learn to dance If
it takes me all night and day. Aw. Well if you want to hear some music Like the boys all play,
Hold tight, tap your foot, Don't let it carry you away. Don't let the heat overcome you 'Cos they
play so loud While the music will treat you When they get a crowd. Well you can dance I know
you will, you thought. I got my eyes on you baby, 'Cos you dance so good. Don't let him Steal
your heart away. I've got to learn to dance If it takes me all night and day. Well I've got to learn
to dance If it takes you all night and day. Boy  you're gonna carry that weight, Carry that
weight a long time. I never give you my pillow, I only send you my invitations, And in the
middle of the celebrations I break down. Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains. And
they ain't the kind that you can see. Whoa, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me, yeah.
Chains, well I can't break away from these chains. Can't run around, 'cause I'm not free. Whoa,
oh, these chains of love won't let me be, yeah. I wanna tell you, pretty baby, I think you're fine.
I'd like to love you, But, darlin', I'm imprisoned by these... Chains, my baby's got me locked up
in chains, And they ain't the kind that you can see, Oh, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me.
Please believe me when I tell you, Your lips are sweet. I'd like to kiss them, But I can't break
away from all of these... Chains, my baby's got me locked up in chains. And they ain't the kind
that you can see. Whoa, oh, these chains of love got a hold on me, yeah. Chains, chains of love...
Well, I got a baby crazy for me Yeah, I got a baby won't let me be Wo, baby baby, Clarabella
Baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, wo wo, yeah uh Well, she needs no coachin' on makin' love
All she needs is the stars up above Wo, baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby,
wo wo, yeah uh Well now, Clarabella You're my honey, Clarabella Ooh yeah now, Clarabella I
said you're my baby, Clarabella Yeah, Clarabella, baby Wo wo, yeah yeah Well, she's got no
time for-a dungeries Already knows her ABC's Wo, baby baby, Clarabella Baby baby, Clarabella
Baby baby, wo wo, yeah uh Well now, Clarabella, yeah You're my honey, Clarabella Woo ooh,
you're my baby, Clarabella You're my honey, Clarabella Yeah, Clarabella, baby Wo wo, yeah heh
yeah, oh yeah If you want it, here it is come and get it mmmmmm make your mind up fast If
you want it, anytime, I can give it But you better hurry 'cause it may not last Did I hear you say
that there must be a catch Will you walk away from a fool and his money? If you want it, here it
is come and get it But you better hurry 'cause its goin' fast If you want it, here it is come and get
it mmmmmm make your mind up fast If you want it, anytime, I can give it But you better hurry
'cause it may not last Did I hear you say that there must be a catch Will you walk away from a
fool and his money? Sonny, if you want it, here it is come and get it But you better hurry 'cause
its goin' fast You better hurry 'cause its goin' fast oooohhh Fool and his money... Sonny, if you
want it, here it is come and get it But you better hurry 'cause its goin' fast You better hurry 'cause
its goin' fast You better hurry 'cause its goin' fast Here come old flattop he come grooving up
slowly He got joo-joo eyeball he one holy roller He got hair down to his knee Got to be a joker
he just do what he please He wear no shoeshine he got toe-jam football He got monkey finger he
shoot coca-cola He say "I know you, you know me" One thing I can tell you is you got to be free
Come together right now over me He bag production he got walrus gumboot He got Ono
sideboard he one spinal cracker He got feet down below his knee Hold you in his armchair you
can feel his disease Come together right now over me He roller-coaster he got early warning He
got muddy water he one mojo filter He say "One and one and one is three" Got to be
good-looking 'cause he's so hard to see Come together right now over me Hey, Bungalow Bill
What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill He went
out tiger hunting with his elephant and gun In case of accidents he always took his mom He's the
all American bullet-headed Saxon mother's son All the children sing Hey, Bungalow Bill What
did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Deep in the
jungle where the mighty tiger lies Bill and his elephants were taken by surprise So Captain
Marval zapped him right between the eyes All the children sing Hey, Bungalow Bill What did
you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill The children
asked him if to kill was not a sin "Not when he looked so fierce" his mommy butted in If looks
could kill it would have been us instead of him All the children sing Hey, Bungalow Bill What
did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey,
Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What did you kill,
Bungalow Bill Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey Bungalow Bill What
did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey, Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Hey
Bungalow Bill What did you kill, Bungalow Bill Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's
old enough to know better. The king of Marigold was in the kitchen Cooking breakfast for the
queen. The queen was in the parlor Playing piano for the children of the king. Cry baby cry.
Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry. The king was in the
garden Picking flowers for a friend who came to play. The queen was in the playroom Painting
pictures for the childrens holiday. Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to
know better. So cry baby cry. The duchess of Kirkcaldy always smiling And arriving late for tea.
The duke was having problems With a message at the local bird and bee. Cry baby cry. Make
your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry. At twelve o'clock a meeting
round the table For a seance in the dark. With voices out of nowhere Put on especially by the
children for a lark. Cry baby cry. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So
cry baby cry cry cry cry baby. Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. Cry
baby cry cry cry cry Make your mother sigh. She's old enough to know better. So cry baby cry.
Crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back, I just can't seem to get you
off my mind. Crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back. You're the one
I love. I think about you all the time. Crying, crying, tears keep a-falling all night long. Waiting,
waiting, it seems so useless, I know it's wrong to keep on... ...crying, crying, waiting, waiting,
hoping, hoping, you'll come back baby, someday soon things will change and you'll be mine.
Crying, crying, tears keep a-falling all night long. Waiting, waiting, it seems so useless, I know
it's wrong to keep on... ...crying, crying, waiting, waiting, hoping, hoping, you'll come back
maybe someday soon, things will change and you'll be mine. Crying, crying, waiting, waiting,
hoping, hoping. I read the news today oh boy About a lucky man who made the grade And
though the news was rather sad Well I just had to laugh I saw the photograph He blew his mind
out in a car He didn't notice that the lights had changed A crowd of people stood and stared
They'd seen his face before Nobody was really sure If he was from the House of Lords. I saw a
film today oh boy The English Army had just won the war A crowd of people turned away But I
just had to look Having read the book. I'd love to turn you on ... Woke up, fell out of bed,
Dragged a comb across my head Found my way downstairs and drank a cup, And looking up I
noticed I was late. Found my coat and grabbed my hat Made the bus in seconds flat Found my
way upstairs and had a smoke, And somebody spoke and I went into a dream. I read the news
today oh boy Four thousand holes in Blackburn, Lancashire And though the holes were rather
small They had to count them all Now they know how many holes it takes To fill the Albert
Hall. I'd love to turn you on. Got a good reason for taking the easy way out, Got a good reason
for taking the easy way out - now, She was a day tripper, One way ticket, yeh, It took me so long
to find out, and I found out. She's a big teaser, she took me half the way there, She's a big teaser,
she took me half the way there - now, She was a day tripper, One way ticket, yeh. It took me so
long to find out, and I found out. Tried to please her, she only played one night stands, Tried to
please her, she only played one night stands - now, She was a day tripper, Sunday driver, yeh, It
took me so long to find out, and I found out. Day tripper, yeh. Dear Prudence, won't you come
out to play. Dear Prudence, greet the brand new day. The sun is up, the sky is blue. It's beautiful
and so are you. Dear Prudence won't you come out to play? Dear Prudence open up your eyes.
Dear Prudence see the sunny skies. The wind is low the birds will sing That you are part of
everything. Dear Prudence won't you open up your eyes? Look around round Look around
round round Look around. Dear Prudence let me see you smile. Dear Prudence like a little child.
Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup, They slither while they pass, they slip
away across the universe. Pools of sorrow waves of joy are drifting through my opened mind,
Possessing and caressing me. Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's
gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world.
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes, They call me on and on across
the universe, Thoughts meander like a restless wind Inside a letter box they Stumble blindly as
they make their way Across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world
Nothing's gonna change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change
my world. Sounds of laughter shades of life are ringing Through my open mind inciting and
inviting me. Limitless undying love which shines around me like a million suns, And calls me on
and on across the universe Jai guru deva om Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna
change my world. Nothing's gonna change my world Nothing's gonna change my world. Jai
guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva Jai guru deva They're gonna put me in the movies They're
gonna make a big star out of me We'll make a film about a man that's sad and lonely And all I
gotta say is act naturally Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an Oscar you can
never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well Well I hope
you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The biggest fool that
ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally We'll make the scene about a man that's
sad and lonely And beggin down upon his bended knee I'll play the part but I won't need
rehearsal All I gotta do is act naturally Well, I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star Might win an
Oscar you can never tell The movies gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well
Well I hope you come and see me in the movies Then I know that you will plainly see The
biggest fool that ever hit the big time And all I gotta do is act naturally Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she
nice, Well look her over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice? Just
cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think
that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't
that nice, Well look it over once or twice. Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she nice? Just
cast an eye In her direction. Oh me oh my, Ain't that perfection? Oh I repeat Well don't you think
that's kind of neat? Yes I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Oh ain't she sweet, Well
see her walking down that street. Well I ask you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Well I ask
you very confidentially: Ain't she sweet? Whenever I want you around, yeh, All I gotta do Is
call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's all I gotta do. And when I
wanna kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is whisper in your ear the words you want to hear, And I'll be
kissing you. And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will,
whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me. And when I wanna
kiss you, yeh, All I gotta do Is call you on the phone And you'll come running home, Yeh, that's
all I gotta do. And the same goes for me whenever you want me at all, I'll be here, yes I will,
whenever you call, You just gotta call on me, yeh, you just gotta call on me. Close your eyes and
I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll always be true, And then while I'm away, I'll
write home every day, And I'll send all my loving to you. I'll pretend I am kissing, The lips I am
missing, And hope that my dreams will come true, And then while I'm away, I'll write home
every day, And I'll send all my loving to you. All my loving, I will send to you, All my loving,
darling, I'll be true. Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, Remember I'll