				NO CODE


Sometimes


Large fingers pushin' paint
You're God and you got big hands
The colors blend
The challenges you give man

Seek my part
Devote myself, my small self
Like a book amongst the many on a shelf

Sometimes I know
Sometimes I rise
Sometimes I fall
Sometimes I don't
Sometimes I cringe
Sometimes I live
Sometimes I walk
Sometimes I kneel
Sometimes I speak of nothing at all
Sometimes I reach to myself, dear God


Hail, Hail


Ah, is there room for both of us
Both of us apart
Are we bound out of obligation
Is that all we've got?

I get the words and then I get to thinkin'
I don't wanna think, I wanna feel
How do I feel?
How do I?

If you're the only one will I never be enough, yeah 
Hail, Hail the lucky ones
I refer to those in love, yeah

Oh, how I'd love ya till the day I die... and beyond
Are we goin' to the same place?
If so can I come?
It's egg rollin' , thick and heavy
All, the past we carry
Oh, I could be new
You under-estimate me

If you're the only one will I never be enough, yeah 
Hail, Hail the lucky ones
I refer to those in love, yeah

I sometimes realize...I could only be as good as you'll let me
Are you woman enough to be my man?
Bandaged hand in hand.

Black lining, 
On the run, in a race that can't be won, yeah

Oh, Hail, Hail the lucky ones
I refer to those in love, yeah

If you're my only one
So good, you, only one
I want to be your one
Enough, you won, your one, your one


Who You Are


Come to send
Not condescend
Transcendental consequence
Is to transcend, where we are
Who are we? Who we are

Trampled marrs on your souls
Changes all, you're a part
Seen it all, not at all
Can't defend, fuck the man

Take me for a ride, Before we leave

Circumstance
Clappin' hands
Guidin' winds
Happenstance
Off the track, in the mud
Patch the marrs, in the aforementioned verse

Just a little time, Before we leave

Stop light plays its part
So I would say you've got a heart
What's your part? Who you are
You are who, who you are


In My Tree


Up here in my tree, yeah
Newspapers matter not to me, yeah
No more crowbars to my head, yeah
I'm tradin' stories with the leaves instead, yeah

Wave to all my friends, yeah
They don't seem to notice me, no
All their eyes trained on the street, yo, oh
Sidewalk, Cigarettes, and seen the tempted

It's up here so high I start to mistake
Up here so high in the sky, i scrape
I'm so high I hold just one breath
A deep breath in my chest
Just like innocence

I remember when, yeah
Swore I blew everything away, yeah
Let's say knowledge is a tree, yeah
It's growin' up just like me, and yeah

I'm so light, the wind he shakes
I'm so high up in the sky, I scrape, yeah
I'm so high I hold just one breath
To go back to my nest...sleeping innocence

Up here so high the boughs may break
Up here so high in the sky I sway

And my eyes peeled both wide open
And I got a glimpse of my innocence
Got back my innocence... Really got it... Still got it


Smile


Don't it make you smile? (2X)
When the sun don't shine
Don't it make you smile?

Don't it make you smile?
Don't it make me smile?
Oh, when the sun don't shine, it don't shine at all, yeah
Don't it make me smile?

I miss you already
I miss you always
I miss you already
I miss you all day

This is how I feel

Ah, I miss you already
I miss you always
Three crooked hearts... Swirls all around her
I miss you all day


Off He Goes


One...Two...One...Two
Know a man
His face seemed pulled and tense
Like he's ridin' on a motorbike 
In the strongest winds
So I approach with tact
Suggest that he should relax
But he's movin' much too fast

Said he'll see me on the flip side
On this trip he's taken for a ride
He's been takin' too much on
There he goes with his perfectly unkept hope
There he goes

He's yet to come back
But I seen his picture
It doesn't look the same up on the rack
We go way back
I wonder 'bout his insides
It's like his thoughts are too big for his size

He's been taken...where, I don't know
Off he goes with his perfectly unkept hope
There he goes

And now I rub my eyes, for he has returned
Seems my preconceptions are what should have been burned
For he still smiles... And he's still strong
Nothing changed but the surroundin' bullshit
That has grown

And now he's home and we're laughin'
Like we did, my same old, same old friend
Until a quarter to ten
I saw the strain creep in
He seems distracted and I know just what is going to happen next

Before his first step, he's off again


Habit


See it happen to a couple of friends
See it happen and the message it sends
Takin off for what's an obvious fall
Just to see what all the fuss is about

It's not your way... not your way
It's not your way

Another habit says he's in love with you
Another habit says he's long over due
Another habit like an unwanted friend
I'm so happy with my righteous self

It's not your way... not your way
It's not your way

Never thought you'd habit (3X)
I never thought you'd, never thought you'd
Never thought you'd habit (3X)
I never thought you'd, never never thought you'd
Never thought you'd habit (6X)

Speaking as a child of the 90's

Never thought you'd habit (3X)
I never thought you'd, never thought you'd
Never thought you'd habit (3X)
I never thought you'd, never never thought you'd

Never... Never me... Never you... Never me



Red Mosquito


Giant one, might he find

Watched from the window
Little red mosquito
I was not allowed to leave the room
I saw the sun go down and now it's comin' up
Somewhere in the time between

I was bitten
Must have been the devil
He was just payin' me a little visit
Oh, reminding me of his presence
Lettin' me know he's waiting

Red man's your neighbor
Call it behavior
And while you're climbing up slippery hills
Two steps ahead of you, punctures in your neck
Hoverin' just above your bed (2X)

I was bitten
Must have been the devil
He was just payin' me a little visit
Oh, reminding me of his presence
Lettin' me know he's waiting
He's waitin'... Hopin'... Yeah

If I had known then, what I know now (4X)


Lukin'


Drive down the street can't find the keys to my own fucking home
I take a walk so I can curse my ass for being dumb
I make a right after the arches. . . stinking grease and bone
Stop at the supermarket. . . people stare like I'm a dog

I'm gone to Lukin's... I gotta spot at Lukin's
Unlock the door at Lukin's. . . open the fridge
Now I know life's worth

I find the key but I return to find an open door
Some fucking freak who claims I fathered by raping my son
I find my wife. I call the cops. This day's work's never done.
The last I heard the freak was purchasing a fucking gun.


Present Tense


Do you see the way that tree bends?
Does it inspire?
Leanin' out to catch the sun's ray
A lesson to reapply
Are you getting something out of this?
All encompassing trip

You can spend your time alone
Redigesting past regrets, Oh
Or you can, come to terms and realize 
Your the only one, you can forgive yourself, Oh
Makes much more sense to live in the present tense

Have you ideas on how this life ends?
Checked your hands and studied the lines?
Have you the belief that the road ahead
Ascends off into the light?

Seems that needlessly it's gettin' harder to find
And approach... Ain't no way to live
Are we gettin' something out of this
All encompassing trip

You can spend your time alone
Redigesting past regrets, Oh
Or you can, come to terms and realize 
Your the only one, you can not forgive yourself, Oh
Ah, makes much more sense to live in the present tense


Mankind


You'll be goin' out with radio
Goin' out with disco
Goin' out like bacchanal

I'll be goin' out with telephone
Goin' out alone
To the radar zone

It's all just inadvertent imitation, and I don't mean mine
It's all across this nation
If it's just inadvertent simulation, a pattern in all mankind
What's got the whole world fakin' it?

I'll be playing with my magazine
Usin' up my listerine
Like ovaltine

And you'll be dippin' in your battleship
For the latest tip
For the latest drain

It's all just inadvertent imitation, and I don't mean mine
It's all across this nation
If it's just inadvertent simulation, a pattern in all mankind
What's got the whole world fakin' it?

It's all just inadvertent imitation, a pattern in all mankind
What's got the whole world fakin' it?
What's got the whole world fakin' (4X)
What's got the whole world fakin' it, yeah


I'm Open


A man lies in his bed in a room with no door
He waits, hoping for a presence, something, anything to enter
After spending half his life searching
He still felt as blank as the ceiling at which he stared
He is alive, but feels absolutely nothing, so is he?

When he was six, he believed that the moon overhead followed him 
By nine, he deciphered the illusion, trading magic for fact, no trade-backs
So this is what it's like to be an adult?
If he only knew now what he knew then

I'm open (2X)
Come in (4X)
I'm open (2X)
Come in (4X)

Lying sideways atop crumpled sheets and no covers
He decides to dream...Dream up a new self...For himself


Around The Bend


I am wishing you a well
Mind at peace within yourself
Covers up, I cast you off
I'll be watchin' as you breathe
I lie still, you move, I send you off around the bend

I hold you deep in my arms
My fingertips, they close your eyes
Off you dream my little child
There's a sun around the bend (2X)

All the evenings close like this
All these moments that I've missed
Please forgive me, won't you dear
Please forgive and let me share
With you around the bend

You're an angel when you sleep
How I want your soul to keep
On and on around the bend "TEN"

Songs:
	1) Once  (studio)
	2) Even Flow  (studio)
	3) Alive  (studio)
	4) Why Go  (studio)
	5) Black  (studio)
	6) Jeremy  (studio)
	7) Oceans  (studio)
	8) Porch  (studio)
	9) Garden  (studio)
       10) Deep  (studio)
       11) Release  (studio)


ONCE

I admit it...what's to say...yeah...
I'll relive it...without pain...mmm...
Backstreet lover on the side of the road
I got a bomb in my temple that is gonna explode
I got a sixteen gauge buried under my clothes, I play...
Once upon a time I could control myself
Ooh, once upon a time I could lose myself, yeah...

Oh, try and mimic what's insane...ooh, yeah...
I am in it...where do I stand?
Oh, Indian summer and I hate the heat
I got a backstreet lover on the passenger seat
I got my hand in my pocket, so determined, discreet...I pray...
Once upon a time I could control myself
Ooh, once upon a time I could lose myself, yeah, yeah...

You think I got my eyes closed
But I'm lookin' at you the whole fuckin' time...

Ooh, once upon a time I could control myself, yeah...
Once upon a time I could lose myself, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Once, upon a time I could love myself, yeah...
Once upon a time I could love you, yeah, yeah, yeah...

Once  (4x)
Yeah...once, once...yeah, yeah...
Yeah...yeah, yeah...yeah, yeah...oww...


EVEN FLOW

Freezin', rests his head on a pillow made of concrete, again
Oh, Feelin' maybe he'll see a little better set a days, ooh yeah
Oh, hand out, faces that he sees time again ain't that familiar, ooh yeah
Oh, dark grin, he can't help, when he's happy looks insane, oh yeah

Even flow, thoughts arrive like butterflies
Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away, yeah...ooh...
Oh, someday yet, he'll begin his life again...life again...life again...

Kneelin', looking through the paper though he doesn't know to read, ooh yeah
Oh, prayin', now to something that has never showed him anything
Oh, feelin', understands the weather of the winters on its way
Oh, ceilings, few and far between all the legal halls of shame, yeah...

Even flow, thoughts arrive like butterflies
Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away, yeah...
Someday yet, he'll begin his life again
Oh, whispering hands, gently lead, lead him away...him away, him away...
Yeah!  Woo...ah yeah...fuck it up...

Even flow, thoughts arrive like butterflies
Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away...
Ooh, someday yet, he'll begin his life again, yeah
Oh, whispering hands, gently lead, lead him away...him away...him away...
Yeah!  Woo...uh huh...yeah, yeah, mommy, mommy...


ALIVE

Son, she said, have I got a little story for you
What you thought was your daddy was nothin' but a...
While you were sittin' home alone at age thirteen
Your real daddy was dyin', sorry you didn't see him, but I'm glad we talked...

Oh I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey, I, I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey...oh...

Oh, she walks slowly, across a young man's room
She said I'm ready...for you
I can't remember anything to this very day
'Cept the look, the look...
Oh, you know where, now I can't see, I just stare...

I, I'm still alive
Hey I, but, I'm still alive
Hey I, boy, I'm still alive
Hey I, I, I, I'm still alive, yeah
Ooh yeah...yeah yeah yeah...oh...oh...

Is something wrong, she said
Well of course there is
You're still alive, she said
Oh, and do I deserve to be
Is that the question
And if so...if so...who answers...who answers...

I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey I, oh, I'm still alive
Hey I, but, I'm still alive
Yeah I, ooh, I'm still alive
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah


WHY GO

She scratches a letter into a wall made of stone
Maybe someday another child won't feel as alone as she does
It's been two years, and counting, since they put her in this place
She's been diagnosed by some stupid fuck, and mommy agrees, yeah...
Whoa...yeah...hey yeah yeah...
Why go home...  (3x)

She seems to be stronger, but what they want her to be is weak
She could play pretend, she could join the game, boy
She could be another clone...ooh...whoa...ah yeah...

Ooh...
Why go home?  (4x)
What you taught me...put me here...don't come visit...mother...
Sting me...

Whoa...ooh...
Why go home?  (4x)
What you taught me...put me here...don't come visit...mother, mother, yeah...
Why go home?  (7x)
Whoa...


BLACK

Hey...oooh...
Sheets of empty canvas, untouched sheets of clay
Were laid spread out before me as her body once did
All five horizons revolved around her soul
As the earth to the sun
Now the air I tasted and breathed has taken a turn
Ooh, and all I taught her was everything
Ooh, I know she gave me all that she wore
And now my bitter hands chafe beneath the clouds
Of what was everything?
Oh, the pictures have all been washed in black, tattooed everything...

I take a walk outside
I'm surrounded by some kids at play
I can feel their laughter, so why do I sear
Oh, and twisted thoughts that spin round my head
I'm spinning, oh, I'm spinning
How quick the sun can, drop away
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass
Of what was everything?
All the pictures have all been washed in black, tattooed everything...
All the love gone bad turned my world to black
Tattooed all I see, all that I am, all I'll ever be...yeah...

Uh huh...uh huh...ooh...
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star
In somebody else's sky, but why
Why, why can't it be, why can't it be mine


JEREMY

At home, drawing pictures of mountain tops with him on top
Lemin yellow sun, arms raised in a V
And the dead lay in pools of maroon below
Daddy didn't give attention
Oh, to the fact that mommy didn't care
King Jeremy the wicked...oh, ruled his world...
Jeremy spoke in class today...  (2x)

Clearly I remember pickin' on the boy
Seemed a harmless little fuck
Ooh, but we unleashed a lion...
Gnashed his teeth and bit the recess lady's breast...
How can I forget?
And he hit me with a surprise left
My jaw left hurtin'...ooh, dropped wide open
Just like the day...oh, like the day I heard

Daddy didn't give affection, no...
And the boy was something that mommy wouldn't wear
King Jeremy the wicked...oh, ruled his world
Jeremy spoke in class today...  (3x)
Woo...  (14x)
Try to forget this...try to forget this...
Try to erase this...try to erase this...
From the blackboard...

Jeremy spoke in class today...  (2x)
Jeremy spoke in, spoke in...  (2x)
Jeremy spoke in class today...
Woo...  (29x)
Woooooohhh...spoke in, spoke in...
Woooooohhh...uh huh, uh huh...


OCEANS

Hold on to the thread
The currents will shift
Glide me towards...
You know something's left
And we're all allowed
To dream of the next
Oh, ohh the next, time we touch...

Oooh...  (4x)

You don't have to stray
Tho oceans away
Waves roll in my thoughts
Hold tight the ring...
The sea will rise...
Please stand by the shore...
Oh, oh, oh, I will be...
I will be there once more...

Oooh...  (4x)
Uh huh, oh yeah...  (2x)


PORCH

What the fuck is this world
Running to, you didn't
Leave a message, at least I
Coulda' learned your voice one last time
Daily minefield, this could
Be my time, 'bout you?
Would you hit me?  (2x)
Oh oh oh...oh whoa whoa...ow...

All the bills go by, and
Initiatives are taken up
By the middle, there ain't gonna be any middle any more
And the cross I'm bearing home
Ain't indicative of my place
Left the porch  (2x)
Oh oh oh...
Hear my name, take a good look
This could be the day
Hold my hand, walk beside me
I just need to say...

Hear my name, take a good look
This could be the day
Hold my hand, lie beside me
I just need to say
I could not take a-just one day
I know when I would not ever touch you
Hold you...feel you...in my arms...never again...
Yeah...  (12x)


GARDEN

She don't wander in...don't wander in here, she...
She don't wander in here...don't wander in here...

The direction of the eye, so misleading
The defection of the soul, nauseously quick
I don't question, our existence
I just question, our modern needs

She don't wander in...don't wander in here, she...
She don't wander in here...

I will walk...with my hands bound
I will walk...with my face blood
I will walk...with my shadow flag
Into your garden, garden of stone...yeah...

After all is done, and we're still alone
I won't be taken, yet I'll go...with my hands bound
I will walk...with my face blood
I will walk...with my shadow flag
Into your garden, garden of stone

I don't show...I don't share...
I don't need, yeah...What you have to give...

Oooh, I will walk...with my hands bound
I will walk...with my face blood
I will walk...with my shadow flag
Into your garden, garden...oh...

I will walk with my hands bound
I will walk into your garden, garden of stone...

I don't know...I don't care...
I don't need you for me to live...yeah, yeah, yeah, oh...
Uh huh huh...  (8x)


DEEP

On the edge, windowsill
Ponders his maker, ponders his will
To the street below, he just ain't nothin'
But he's got a great view, and he sinks the needle deep, yeah...
Whoa, can't touch the bottom
In too deep, yeah...oh, can't touch the bottom

Oh, on the edge of a know-nothin' town
Feelin' quite superior, the aged come
To the sky above he just ain't nothin'
But he's got a great view, and he sinks a burning knife deep, yeah...
Ooh, can't touch the bottom
In too deep, yeah...uh huh, can't touch the bottom
In too deep...
Ohhh...Ohhh...

Ow...
On the edge of a Christmas clean love
Young virgin from heaven...visiting Hell
To the man above her, she just ain't nothin'
And she doesn't like the view
She doesn't like the view  (2x)
But he sinks himself deep

Oh, can't touch the bottom
In too deep, yeah...oh, can't touch the bottom
Can't touch the bottom
Deep, yeah...
Oh, yeah, the bottom, yeah...  (6x)
Ohh...


RELEASE

Father...ooh...oh...oh...
I see the world, feel the chill
Which way to go, windowsill
I see the world's on a rocking horse of time
I see the verse in the rain
Ohh...ohh...ohh...ohh...

Oh, dear dad, can you see me now
I am myself, like you somehow
I'll ride the wave where it takes me
I'll hold the pain...Release me...
Ohh...ohh...ohh...ohh...

Oh, dear dad, can you see me now
I am myself, like you somehow
I'll wait up in the dark for you to speak to me
I'll open up...Release me...
Release me  (3x)
Ohh...ohh...ohh...ohh...

"VITALOGY"

Songs:
	1) Last Exit  (studio)
	2) Spin The Black Circle  (studio)
	3) Not For You  (studio)
	4) Tremor Christ  (studio)
	5) Nothingman  (studio)
	6) Whipping  (studio)
	7) Pry, To  (studio)
	8) Corduroy  (studio)
	9) Bugs  (studio)
       10) Satan's Bed  (studio)
       11) Better Man  (studio)
       12) Aye Davanita  (studio)
       13) Immortality  (studio)
       14) Stupid Mop  (studio)


LAST EXIT

Lives opened and trashed..."Look ma, watch me crash"...
No time to question...why'd nothing last... 
Grasp and hold on...hold tight and fast...
Soon be over...and I will relent...

Let the ocean swell, dissolve 'way my past
Three days, and maybe longer, won't even know I've left

Under your tongue...I'm like a tab...
I will give you what...you're not s'posed to have...
Under my breath...I swear by sin...
For better or for worse...a best we began...

Let the sun climb, oh, burn 'way my mask
Three days, and maybe longer, shed my skin at last...shed...shed...

Let the sun shine, burn 'way my mask
Three days, and maybe longer, won't ever find me here

Let the ocean dissolve 'way my past
Four days, and not much longer...

Let my spirit pass...
Ooh...
This is, this is...  (3x)
My...last exit


SPIN THE BLACK CIRCLE

See this needle...a see my hand...
Drop, drop, dropping it down...oh, so gently...
Well here it comes...I touch the plane...
Turn me up...won't turn you away...

Spin, spin...spin the black circle
Spin, spin...spin the black, spin the black...
Spin, spin...spin the black circle
Spin, spin...whoa...

Pull it out...a paper sleeve...
Oh, my joy...only you deserve conceit...
I'm so big...a-my whole world...
I'd rather you...rather you...than her...  

Spin, spin...spin the black circle
Spin, spin...spin the black, spin the black...
Spin, spin...spin the black circle
Spin, spin...whoa...oh...

You're so warm...oh, the ritual...when I lay down your crooked arm...

Spin, spin...spin the black circle
Spin, spin...spin the black, spin the black...
Spin, spin...spin the black circle
Spin, spin...
Spin the black (5x) circle
Spin the black circle...  (4x)
Spin, spin...  (6x)


NOT FOR YOU

Restless soul, enjoy your youth
Like Muhammad hits the truth
Can't escape from the common rule
If you hate something, don't you do it too...too...

Small my table, a-sets just two
Got so crowded, I can't make room
Oh, where did they come from?  Stormed my room!
And you dare say it belongs to you...to you...

This is not for you  (3x)
Oh, not for you...ah, you...

...scream...my friends...don't call me...
...friends, no they don't scream...
...my friends don't call...my friends don't...

All that's sacred comes from youth
Dedication, naive and true
With no power, nothing to do
I still remember, why don't you...don't you...

This is not for you  (3x)   
Oh, never was for you...fuck you...   
This is not for you...
Oh, this is not for you...yeah, you...
This is not for you...
Oh, not for you...
Oh, you...


TREMOR CHRIST

Winded is the sailor...drifting by the storm...
Wounded is the organ he left all...bloodied on the shore...
Gorgeous was his savior, sees her...drowning in his wake...
Daily taste the salt of her tears, but...a chance blamed fate...

Little secrets, tremors...turned to quake...
The smallest oceans still get...big, big waves...

Ransom paid the Devil...He whispers pleasing words...
Triumphant are the angels if they can...a get there first...

Little secrets tremors...turned to quake...
The smallest oceans still get...big, big waves...

I'll decide...take the dive... 
Take my time...not my life...
Wait for signs...believe in lies...
To get by...it's divine...whoa...
Oh, you know what it's like...

Turns the bow back, tows and...drops the line...
Puts his faith and love in Tremor Christ...


NOTHINGMAN

Once divided...nothing left to subtract...
Some words when spoken...can't be taken back...
Walks on his own...with thoughts he can't help thinking...
Future's above...but in the past he's slow and sinking...
Caught a bolt 'a lightnin'...cursed the day he let it go...

Nothingman...  (2x)
Isn't it something?
Nothingman...

She once believed...in every story he had to tell...
One day she stiffened...took the other side...
Empty stares...from each corner of a shared prison cell...
One just escapes...one's left inside the well...
And he who forgets...will be destined to remember...oh...oh...oh...

Nothingman...  (2x)
Isn't it something?
Nothingman...

Oh, she don't want him...
Oh, she won't feed him...after he's flown away...
Oh, into the sun...ah, into the sun...

Burn...burn...
Nothingman...  (2x)
Isn't it something?
Nothingman...
Nothingman...  (2x)
Coulda' been something...
Nothingman...
Oh...ohh...ohh...


WHIPPING

Don't need a helmet, got a hard, hard head
Don't need a raincoat, I'm already wet
Don't need a bandage, there's too much...blood...
After a while, seems to roll right off...hmm...

Whipping, ah...they're whipping, ah...
...they're whipping, ah...they're whipping...

Don't need a hand, there's always arms attached
Oh, don't get behind, I can't fall back
Why must we trust all these rusted rails?
They don't want no change, we already have

They're whipping, ah...they're whipping, ah...
...they're whipping, ah...they're whipping...

Don't mean to push, but I'm being shoved!
Ohh, I'm just like you, think we've had enough
I can't believe a thing they want us to...oh...
Oh, we all got scars, they should have 'em too...

Oh, they're whipping, ah...they're whipping, ah...
...they're whipping, ah...they're whipping...
They're whipping, ah...they're whipping, ah...
...they're whipping...yeah...they're whipping...


PRY, TO

P-r-i-v-a-c-y is priceless to me  (4x)
P-r-i-v-a-c-y  (4x)


CORDUROY

The waiting drove me mad...you're finally here and I'm a mess
I take your entrance back...can't let you roam inside my head
I don't want to take what you can give...
I would rather starve than eat your bread...
I would rather run but I can't walk...
Guess I'll lie alone just like before...

I'll take the firmest path...oh, and I must refuse your test
A-push me and I will resist...this behavior's not unique
I don't want to hear from those who know...
They can buy, but can't put on my clothes...
I don't want to limp for them to walk...
Never would have known of me before...
I don't want to be held in your debt...
And I'll pay it off in blood, let I be wed...
And I'm already cut up and half dead...
I'll end up alone like I began...

Everything has changed, absolutely nothing's changed
Take my hand, not my picture, spilled my tincture

I don't want to take what you can give...
I would rather starve than eat your breast...
All the things that others want for me...
Can't buy what I want because it's free...  (2x)
Can't be what you want because I'm...

I ain't s'posed to be just fun
Oh, to live and die, let it be done
I figure I'll be damned, all alone like I began...

It's your move now...
I thought you were a friend, but I guess I, I guess I hate you...


BUGS

All these...

I got bugs
I got bugs in my room
Bugs in my bed
Bugs in my ears
Their eggs in my head
Bugs in my pockets
Bugs in my shoes
Bugs in the way I feel about you

Bugs on my window
Trying to get in
They don't go nowhere
Waiting, waiting...
Bugs on my ceiling
Crowded the floor
Standing, sitting, kneeling...
A few block the door

And now the question's:
Do I kill them?
Become their friend?
Do I eat them?
Raw or well done?
Do I trick them?
I don't think they're that dumb
Do I join them?
Looks like that's the one

I got bugs on my skin
Tickle my nausea
I let it happen again
They're always takin' over
I see they surround me, I see...
See them deciding my fate
Oh, that which was once...was once up to me...
Now it's too late

I got bugs in my room...one on one
That's when I had a chance
I'll just stop now
I'll become naked
And with the...I'll become one


SATAN'S BED

It's not all been said...been said and done...
I've never slept in Satan's bed
Although I must admit...still visits my place
Uninvited, as you know, he don't wait
Funny how he always seems to fit in
Funny how I always want to give in
Sundays, Fridays, Tuesdays, Thursday, the same
Sometimes the special guest, he don't like to leave
Already...in love...  (3x)
Already...

Who made, who made up, made up the myth
That we were born to be covered in bliss?
Who set the standard, born to be rich?
Such fine examples, skinny little bitch
Model, role model, roll some models in blood
Get some flesh to stick, so they look like us
I shit and I stink, I'm real, join the club
I'd stop and talk, but I'm already in love

Already...in love...  (3x)
Already...

In love...Ah ha ha ha...
...follows torture...follows reward...  (2x)
Oh, oh my butt...

Never shook Satan's hand, look see for yourself
You'd know it if I had, that shit don't come off
I'll rise and fall, let me take credit for both
Jump off a cliff, don't need your help so back off
I'll never suck Satan's dick...
Again, you'd see it, you know, right round the lips
I'll wait for an angel, but I won't hold my breath
'Magine they're busy, think I'm doing okay...
Already...in love...  (6x)
Already...


BETTER MAN

Waitin', watchin' the clock, it's four o'clock, it's got to stop
Tell him, take no more, she practices her speech
As he opens the door, she rolls over...
Pretends to sleep as he looks her over
She lies and says she's in love with him, can't find a better man...
She dreams in color, she dreams in red, can't find a better man...
Can't find a better man  (2x)
Ohh...

Talkin' to herself, there's no one else who needs to know...
She tells herself, oh...
Memories back when she was bold and strong
And waiting for the world to come along...
Swears she knew it, now she swears he's gone
She lies and says she's in love with him, can't find a better man...
She dreams in color, she dreams in red, can't find a better man...
She lies and says she still loves him, can't find a better man...
She dreams in color, she dreams in red, can't find a better man...
Can't find a better man  (2x)
Yeah...

She loved him, yeah...she don't want to leave this way
She feeds him, yeah...that's why she'll be back again
Can't find a better man  (3x)
Can't find a better...man...
Ohh...ohh...
Uh huh...  (5x)
Ohh...


AYE DAVANITA

Awooh...aye davanita...awooh...awooha...  (4x)
Jahooh...jahooh...  (Repeat)
Awooh...aye davanita...awooh...awooha...  (4x)


IMMORTALITY

Vacate is the word...vengeance has no place so near to her
Cannot find the comfort in this world
Artificial tear...vessel stabbed...next up, volunteers
Vulnerable, wisdom can't adhere...

A truant finds home...and I wish to hold on...
But there's a trapdoor in the sun...immortality...

As privileged as a whore...victims in demand for public show
Swept out through the cracks beneath the door
Holier than thou, how?
Surrendered...executed anyhow
Scrawl dissolved, cigar box on the floor...

A truant finds home...and I wish to hold on, too...
But saw the trapdoor in the sun...

Immortality...
I cannot stop the thought...I'm running in the dark...
Coming up a which way sign...all good truants must decide...
Oh, stripped and sold, mom...auctioned forearm...
And whiskers in the sink... 
Truants move on...cannot stay long 
Some die just to live...
Ohh...


STUPID MOP

Don't you want people to love you?
My spanking, that's the only thing I want so much...
Spanking, that's the only thing I want so much...
That's the only thing I want so much...
Don't you want people to love you?
My spanking, that's the only thing I want so much...
That's the only thing I want so much...
Why is that better than being hugged?
Why is that better than being hugged?  
Because you get closer to the person...
Closer to the person...
Why is that better than being hugged?
Because you get closer to the person...
Closer to the person...
Just like a person having sex feels cared for...
We wanna be loved, so we have sex together...
And they feel loved about that...
And this is the way it makes me feel...loved...
I want it, I dream about it, I think about it, I want it...
Just like a girl wants sex with a boy, you know?
It's the way I'll always be probably...
My last one was born in the system...
See, they're stupid, very stupid, those people over there... 
They're stupid...
These people are so below mentality, honest to G-d, really...
You know what I mean, he got the nerve to bug me...  (2x)
This mentality, honest to G-d, really...
You know what I mean, he got the nerve to bug me...
Honest to G-d, really...
You know what I mean, he got the nerve to bug me...
Bug me...bug me...he got the nerve to bug me...
Everything seems so eight ball...  (2x)
And I, I don't know if that's my imagination, but, umm...
Hey foxymophandlemama, that's me...
And I don't know if that's my imagination, but, umm...
Hey foxymophandlemama, that's me...  (2x)
Think they got me...
Hey foxymophandlemama, that's me...hmm...
Hey foxymophandlemama, that's me...
...Know if that's my imagination, but, umm...
Hey foxymophandlemama, that's me...
She prides herself on her cleaning habits...  (2x)
Hey foxymophandlemama, that's me...
She prides herself on her cleaning habits...  (2x)
It's a lovely stupid mop, it is...
There's something really screwey about no streaking...
Is it any old dumb mop?  It streaks...
Come on mop, no streaking mop...
I don't mind mop the floor, my mop streaks, I don't like it...
It's not me, it's the mop...
Come, I bought some new mops...
Go away you stupid, dumb old sponge mop...
I don't believe it...now the floor looks beautiful...  (2x)
I don't believe it...old sponge mop...
Dumb old sponge mop...  (2x)
Old sponge mop...
Dumb old sponge mop...
You're right, this mop's stupid...
Dumb old sponge mop...  
I don't believe it...now the floor looks beautiful...  
That's why they call me mophandlemama...
Now the floor looks beautiful...
That's why they call me mophandlemama...  (3x)
In two weeks, before she could see herself not dressed...
The twenty-third of May...you know she disturbed no one today...
The manager told her to completely forget...
If you ever go to bed, I'll kill you...
Do I tell the whole world that I'm mentally ill?
Go to the papers...yeah, why not?  
Drum roll...
I want to show them that I can walk on my own without hands of theirs...
And, I can still fantasize, but I keep it to myself...
Keep it to myself...keep it to myself...
I think I deserve to be loved, don't you?  
Very much so...
Think I deserve to be loved...
Keep it to myself...keep it to myself...
I think I deserve to be loved, don't you?
...To be loved, don't you?
But I keep it to myself...
Keep it to myself...keep it to myself...
I think I deserve to be loved, don't you?
And, I can still fantasize, but I keep it to myself...
Keep it to myself...keep it to myself...
I think I deserve to be loved, don't you?
Very much so...
Do you ever think that you would actually, really kill yourself?
Well, if I have thought about it real, uhh, real deep...
Yeas, I believe I would...
I have thought about it real, uhh, real deep...
Yes, I believe I would...
And, I can still fantasize, but I keep it to myself...
Keep it to myself...keep it to myself...
...that I can walk without hands of theirs...           }
And, I can still fantasize, but I keep it to myself...  }  (2x)
Keep it to myself...keep it to myself...                }
I think I deserve to be loved, don't you?               }
Very much so...
Do you ever think that you actually would kill yourself?
Well, if I have thought about it real, uhh, real deep...
Yes, I believe I would...

"VS."

Songs:
	1) Go  (studio)
	2) Animal  (studio)
	3) Daughter  (studio)
	4) Glorified G  (studio)
	5) Dissident  (studio)
	6) W.M.A.  (studio)
	7) Blood  (studio)
	8) Rearviewmirror  (studio)
	9) Rats  (studio)
       10) Elderly Woman Behind The Counter In A Small Town  (studio)
       11) Leash  (studio)
       12) Indifference  (studio)


GO

Oh, please don't go out on me, don't go out on me now
Never acted up before, don't go on me now
I swear I never took it for granted, just thought of it now
Suppose I abused you, just passing it on
Go...fuck...

Once fastened, servile, now your getting sharp
Moving oh so swiftly, with such disarm
I pulled the covers over him, shoulda' pulled the alarm
Turned to my nemesis, a full on fucking god
No...time...suck...my...Please...
Don't go on me  (4x)
Please...oh...

Suck...blood...touch...please, tunnel vision...tuck...time...see...
Please, please, please...
Don't go on me  (4x)
Please...Don't you want me...don't go on me...
Please...don't go on me..


ANIMAL

One, two, three, four, five against one
Five, five, against one
Said one, two, three, four, five against one
Five, five...five, five...five against one

Torture from you to me
Abducted from the street

I'd rather be...
I'd rather be with...
I'd rather be with an animal

Why would you wanna hurt me, oh
Oh, so frightened of your pain...yeah...ooh...

I'd rather be...
I'd rather be with...
I'd rather be with an animal
I'd rather be...  (2x)
I'd rather be with an animal

I'd rather be...
I'd rather be with...
I'd rather be with an animal
I'd rather be...
I'd rather be with...
I'd rather be with an animal

Said one, two, three, four, five against one
Five, five...five, five...five against one
One, two, three, four, five against one
Five, five...five, five...five against one


DAUGHTER

You guys ready...

Alone...listless...breakfast table in an otherwise empty room
Young girl...violins...center of her own attention
The, mother reads aloud, child, tries to understand it
Tries to make her proud

The shades go down, it's in her head
Painted room...can't deny there's something wrong...

Don't call me daughter, not fit to
The picture kept will remind me
Don't call me daughter, not fit to
The picture kept will remind me
Don't call me...

She holds the hand that holds her down
She will...rise above...ooh...oh...

Don't call me daughter, not fit to    }
The picture kept will remind me       }  (2x)
Don't call me daughter, not fit to be }
The picture kept will remind me       }
Don't call me...

The shades go down  (2x)
The shades go, go, go...


GLORIFIED G

Got a gun, fact I got two
That's O.K. man, cuz I love god
Glorified version of a pellet gun
Feels so manly, when armed
Glorified version of a pellet gun  (4x)

Double think, dumb is strength
Never shot at a living thing
Glorified version of a pellet gun
Feels so manly, when armed
Glorified version of a pellet gun  (3x)
Glorified version of a...

Always keep it loaded  (3x)

Kindred to be an American...
Life comes...I can feel your heart...
Ooh...life comes...I can feel your heart through your neck...
Life comes...I can feel your heart through your neck...
Like some...I can steal your heart form your neck...

Glorified...glorified...


DISSIDENT

She nursed him there, ooh, over a night
I wasn't so sure she wanted him to stay
What to say...what to say
But soon she was down, soon he was low
At a quarter past...a holy no...
She had to turn around

When she couldn't hold, oh...she folded...
A dissident is here
Escape is never, the safest path
Oh, a dissident, a dissident is here

And to this day, she's glided on
Always home but so far away
Like a word misplaced
Nothing said, what a waste
When she had contact...with the conflict...
There was meaning, but she sold him to the state
She had to turn around

When she couldn't hold...she folded...
A dissident is here
Escape is never, the safest path
Oh, a dissident, a dissident is here, oh...oh...oh...

She gave him away when she couldn't hold...no...she folded...
A dissident is here
Escape is never, the safest path
Oh, a dissident, a dissident is here, oh...
Couldn't hold on...she couldn't hold...no...she folded...
A dissident is here
Escape is never the safest place, oh...
A dissident is here


W.M.A.

He won the lottery when he was born
Took his mothers white breast to his tongue
Trained like dogs, color and smell
Walks by me to get to him
Police man  (2x)

He won the lottery by being born
Big hand slapped a white male 'merican
Do no wrong, so clean cut...
Dirty his hands, it comes right off
Police man  (2x)
Police stopped my brother again  (3x)
Police man  (2x)

Jesus greets me...looks just like me...

Do no wrong, so clean cut
Dirty his hands, it comes right off
Police man  (3x)
Police stopped my brother again  (3x)
Police man  (2x)

Police stopped my brother again  (3x)
Police man  (3X)

All my pieces set me free...human devices set me free...
All my pieces set me free...  (2x)  } (2x)
Human devices set me free...  (2x)  }


BLOOD

Spin me round, roll me over, fuckin' circus
Stab it down, one way needle, pulled so slowly
Drains and spills, soaks the pages, fills their sponges
It's my blood  (2x)

Paint Ed big...Turn Ed into...One of his enemies...
It's my blood  (3x)

Stab it down, fill the pages, suck my life out
Maker of my enemies...
Take...my...
Fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck...


REARVIEWMIRROR

I took a drive today
Time to emancipate
I guess it was the beatings made me wise
But I'm not about to give thanks, or apologize
I couldn't breathe, holdin' me down
Hand on my face, pushed to the ground
Enmity gaged, united by fear
Forced to endure what I could not forgive...

I seem to look away
Wounds in the mirror waved
It wasn't my surface most defiled
Head at your feet, fool to your crown
Fist on my plate, swallowed it down
Enmity gaged, united by fear
Tried to endure what I could not forgive

Saw things  (4x)
Clearer  (2x)
Once you, were in my...Rearview mirror...

I gather speed from you fucking with me
Once and for all I'm far away
I hardly believe, finally the shades...are raised...hey...

Saw things so much clearer  }
Once you, once you...       }  (3x)
Rearview mirror             }

Saw things so much clearer
Once you...oh yeah...


RATS

They don't eat, don't sleep
They don't feed, they don't seethe
Bare their gums when they moan and squeak
Lick the dirt off a larger one's feet
They don't push, don't crowd
Congregate until they're much too loud
Fuck to procreate till they are dead
Drink the blood of their so called best friend

They don't scurry when something bigger comes their way
Don't pack themselves together and run as one
Don't shit where they're not supposed to
Don't take what's not theirs, they don't compare

They don't scam, don't fight
Don't oppress an equals given rights
Starve the poor so they can be well fed
Line their holes with the dead ones bread

They don't scurry when something bigger comes their way  }
Don't pack themselves together and run as one            }  (2x)
Don't shit where they're not supposed to                 }
Don't take what's not theirs, they don't compare...      }

Rats...They don't compare  (2x)
Ben, the two of us need look no more  (5X)


ELDERLY WOMAN BEHIND THE COUNTER IN A SMALL TOWN

I seem to recognize your face
Haunting, familiar, yet I can't seem to place it
Cannot find the candle of thought to light your name
Lifetimes are catching up with me
All these changes taking place, I wish I'd seen the place
But no one's ever taken me
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away...  (2x)

I swear I recognize your breath
Memories like fingerprints are slowly raising
Me you wouldn't recall, for I'm not my former
It's hard when you're stuck upon the shelf
I changed by not changing at all, small town predicts my fate
Perhaps that's what no one wants to see
I just want to scream...hello...
My god its been so long, never dreamed you'd return
But now here you are, and here I am
Hearts and thoughts they fade...away...

Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away...  (2x)
Hearts and thoughts they fade...away...
Hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away...  (3x)
Hearts and thoughts they fade...


LEASH

Troubled souls unite, we got ourselves tonight, oh...
I am fuel, you are friends, we got the means to make amends
I am lost, I'm no guide, but I'm by your side
I am right by your side, yeah...

Young lover I stand
It was their idea, I proved to be a man
Take my fucking hand
It was their idea, I proved to be a man
Will myself to find a home, a home within myself
We will find a way, we will find our place

Drop the leash, drop the leash...   } (3x)
Get outta' my fuckin' face          }

Drop the leash, we are young (2x)
Oh, get outta' my fuckin' face...
Drop the leash, drop the leash...
Get outta' my, my...

Delight, delight, delight in our youth...oww...
Get outta' my fuckin' face...


INDIFFERENCE

I will light the match this mornin', so I won't be alone
Watch as she lies silent, for soon night will be gone
Oh, I will stand arms outstretched, pretend I'm free to roam
Oh, I will make my way, through, one more day in Hell...
How much difference does it make
How much difference does it make, yeah...

I will hold the candle till it burns up my arm
Oh, I'll keep takin' punches until their will grows tired
Oh, I will stare the sun down until my eyes go blind
Hey, I won't change direction, and I won't change my mind
How much difference does it make
Mmm, how much difference does it make...how much difference...

I'll swallow poison, until I grow immune
I will scream my lungs out till it fills this room
How much difference  (2x)
How much difference does it make  (2x)

